hello your friend stand here to talk
about those loathsome female enablers
you know them as sips tricks or pussy
beggars you know the type the skinny
jean wearing guy with the Justin Bieber
hairdo or maybe the alpha male douchebag
tap out queer or the little Wayne
wannabe that likes to make it rain with
his Walmart check he earned while
pushing grocery carts they are on
Facebook posing and shirtless pictures
flashing stacks of cash while spouting
stupid garbage about love and how to
treat women and their status updates
what is often not discussed is how
dangerous these men can be to the man
going his own way
remember these are men that will resort
to anything to get approval from women
and pussy it is the sole purpose of his
life he will buy clothes or a vehicle he
really cannot afford he will become a
slave to male fashions and trends spent
cash he cannot afford to or many other
foolish things from week to week his
style may change according to what women
may respond to however if he does not
receive the pussy he feels he deserves
after all this he may do some very
insane or criminal things to attack
another man today I will tell you about
some crazy encounters with pussy beggars
that I have had again these are true
stories that actually happened to me
your buddy Stan lives in her town that
is host to a big 12 college there are
pussy beggars and male feminists
everywhere
one day after walking from the store I
noticed a large tattooed alpha male
giving me the evil eye I ignored him and
began to walk long after I passed a few
streets I noticed this guy had been
following me
shit I thought to myself it may have
been a stupid thing to do but I
confronted this man he told me I had
better stay away from some woman named
Amanda I knew no such woman he came
closer to me to intimidate me but I do
not scare easily
he went to shove me but I caught his
right arm and gave him a firm heart kick
to the kidney Bruce Lee style long story
short he went to the hospital over a
woman I did not even know pathetic see
this man wanted to get laid so badly he
was willing to intimidate yourself me to
get me out of the picture here is
another example there was a very
attractive girl that worked at an
electronics store I went to frequently
she was quick to help me when I came in
and was very flirty with me I was
flattered and she seemed nice I noticed
one of the male co-workers giving us the
hard eye from his station I thought
nothing of it bought my items and left
upon coming back one day I noticed she
had to become standoffish and gave me a
look of sheer disgust I thought it weird
but ignored it going back several times
of the course of a few months his
treatment spread to other female
employees later I found out that a male
employee that liked this girl told her
that I engage in disgusting sexual acts
with other men I had to stop shopping
there due to the rumor again do you see
this pussy beggar was willing to damage
my reputation with a flat-out bald lie
to ensure he got some ass here is one
last example I had two part-time job in
a Jain closeout store
I liked the job and had a good
relationship with my boss one day a
beautiful South American girl got hired
there I noticed she was cute but that
was all my boss took an extra-special
liking to her often giving her easier
work weekends off and just seemed to
follow her around all day it was very
obvious while he wanted by showing her
special treatment one afternoon she and
I completed a project together I got to
know her as a person over the span of a
few months she suggested that we see
more of each other
I hesitated but agreed under very strict
rules she had to follow most of all she
had to keep our relations secret and I
did not want a relationship out of this
simply a fuck-buddies situation we did
have a lot of fun together she was great
in bed and we had fun together when we
went out she told me how her boss would
flirt with her an attempt to give her
gifts and money
my spider-sense told me this could be a
disaster waiting to happen but I thought
if we remained careful as we had been
no one would know for several months no
one knew about what we had been doing
then it happened my boss's attitude had
severely changed towards me I noticed my
work hours had been drastically cut and
I wondered why my boss had become highly
critical of me often berating me in
front of others over simple things he
seemed to look for things he could use
to hopefully fire me I assumed she had
told somebody and he found out later I
angrily grilled her about who she had
been talking to she swore no one I know
women are natural actresses and Liza Lee
but somehow I knew she wasn't lying to
me she began to say that our boss seemed
to know about things we only had talked
about on the phone I took her phone to a
friend and he had told me it had been
hacked I found out he had been able to
listen to her cell phone conversations
keep track of who she was calling and
using the signal as a GPS to track where
she was going at all times the fuck I
thought this pussy beggar would go this
damn far after talking for a while I
convinced her to take this to the
district manager we both had to come
clean about our sexual relationship as
well
despite this our boss was terminated
from his job we were told we could not
work at the same store together anymore
later that night I got a text from a
private number that read I hope you
enjoyed the pussy cause it may be the
last you ever get I haven't seen my old
boss in over a year now but I still keep
an eye out to this day
again this was a 50 year old man with a
wife and kids doing this all this over a
woman I'll take my blame for the fact I
shouldn't have been having sex with a
co-worker but that guy tip is lust for
pussy way too damn far there are many
many other stories but I will tell those
another time in closing we love to laugh
and mock pussy beggars hell they deserve
it but these men can be a danger due to
their need to validate themselves as men
through women it can lead them to do
things that may end up with someone dead
many cannot stand to see a man who does
not beg
spent cash sure who never masculine
himself get choice s as my grandfather
once said a real man never begs for
pussy cause a real man has it offered to
him to you pussy beggars wake the fuck
up at the end of the day these women do
not respect you you are no more than an
accessory to them like some cute shoes
earrings or a clutch purse
you fools waste time and money chasing
low caliber women that will only use
your punk-ass but hey you don't seem to
mind that cause you keep right on doing
it so be my guest keep right on making
fools of yourselves for everyone's
entertainment well your buddy Stan is
off to get him a case of some Jamaican
rum bye for now from your friend Stan